+++
date = 2021-01-12T12:00:00Z
headline = "2020 Playoff Preview: Revisited"

+++
All right, so wild card weekend passed and the one thing that was abundantly clear was that my model is messy. It's not accurately capturing the playoff potential of any of the postseason teams. The whole "mental fortitude" metric I introduced this year hasn't quite panned out - Cleveland demolishing Pittsburgh and Baltimore coming back from a double-digit deficit against the Tennessee is proof enough that the metric has failed miserable in capturing that one "it" factor that separates the promising playoff teams from the rest of the pool.

I do want to test a different metric though, a metric that's loosely related to a team's overall confidence - momentum. Simply put, it's a measure of a team's overall mood entering the postseason. Is the organization entering the playoffs on a hot note? Or are they sadly backing their way into the playoffs, likely on a losing streak? Using this metric instead of a generic confidence rating would have probably helped me forecast the Ravens statement win over the Titans and Pittsburgh's humiliating loss against the Browns. It also would have helped explain so many of the unexpected upsets we saw over the past several years - the Packers with their Super Bowl run in 2010, the Giants with their own championship run back in 2011, the Titans with their historic upsets last year, etc.

So let's revise the playoff scoring chart, substituting the category of mental fortitude with momentum instead. Momentum can range from _cold_ to _hot_, with _neutral_ serving as the sole intermediary value in between those two bookends. Momentum will be gauged by assessing the team's last few relevant games and determining whether that team far surpassed expectations or fell incredibly short of those same expectations instead. Another quality worth inspecting is whether a team's recently experienced one of those rare moments where a spark was lit. It could be a sensational play, a key player returning triumphantly from injury, an almost-miraculous fourth-down conversion to keep the game alive, an organization coming together to weather catastrophic adversity...basically any moment that could lead a team to believe in their phenomenal potential.

This is far from a perfect metric. It's flawed, as is any other defined or implied data point used to try and forecast football games. Football is a complicated sport, influenced by a whole number of factors that can't ever be precisely gauged. Some of those factors determine the outcome of games, such as the influence of coaching and culture. A football team can be loaded with all the talent in the world, but without adequate coaching and a culture preaching consistency and humility, that talent will go to waste. In practicality, a majority of playoff teams do have both to varying extents, but the problem is we have no way to quantify the performance of a team's coaching staff, let alone the efficacy of a team's organization culture. Unfortunately, upsets in the postseason are usually predicated from disparities between coaching and culture, the very two factors we can't precisely pin down.

Therefore, this model isn't useful for predicting specific games in the playoffs. It'll never do that. We must tread lightly should we attempt to leverage this model to predict individual games. It's solely useful for trying to highlight the postseason teams that have a legitimate shot at winning the Super Bowl. With that being said, let's proceed.

***