+++
date = 2023-01-13T12:00:00Z
headline = "2022 Playoff Analysis - Philadelphia Eagles"

+++
{{< playoffTeamChart2022 team="eagles">}}

I feel comfortable enough pinning the Eagles as the favorite to represent the NFC in the Super Bowl. It's hard to find anything not to like about this team. 

Sure, they've stumbled into the postseason on a bit of a cold note after finishing their last three regular season games with two losses, but their recent downturn can be attributed to Jalen Hurts seriously injuring his shoulder. Without Hurts, not only do they lose one of their more explosive weapons on offense, but they lose the field marshal operating their offense. Gardner Minshew did well enough in relief duty, but he can only give the team so much given his limitations. Minshew's not necessarily good enough to orchestrate comebacks or weather rough tides. Other people raising the alarm on this club point to the last game of the season, where they had to gut out a win against a Giants team that didn't even bother starting any players with a modicum of value. Once again, Jalen Hurts' injury was limiting his production - just look at his rushing numbers.

It's clear Hurts' shoulder will be dragging him down a bit over the postseason. But that being said, Philadelphia has enough areas of strength to carry them through two postseason contests as Hurts recovers from his injury. Unless Jalen aggravates his shoulder  or trips into another injury, Philadelphia stands as a championship favorite in my book.

One more thing worth noting here before I close out this post - their pass rusher situation. On paper, their defensive front is an embarrassment of riches - Haason Reddick, Javon Hargrove, Fletcher Cox, Brandon Graham, Josh Sweat, Ndamukong Suh, etc. On tape though, I've only been impressed by one player, Haason Reddick. The rest haven't been consistent enough to merit designation as an elite pass rusher. In all fairness, the Eagles love swapping players in and out to keep them fresh, so their impact opportunities are limited. Watching the tape in their games against the Giants as well as the second game against the Cowboys, Fletcher Cox seems to have flashed a handful of times, so I'm willing to consider him as a potentially elite player, but I suspect his better days are way behind him. I know Javon Hargrove and Josh Sweat have racked up solid numbers this season, but the former seems to have run up his numbers against easy competition while the latter  has struggled to close out the season on a positive note. It doesn't help that Sweat's now dealing with a neck injury that's kept him sidelined for multiple weeks. With all that in mind though, I still think Philadelphia's defensive front will feast throughout the postseason - they have too many good players not to. Even if only one player along that line deserves to be labelled as great, the other players will all find ways to contribute.