+++
date = 2023-01-11T12:00:00Z
headline = "2022 Playoff Analysis - Minnesota Vikings"

+++
{{< playoffTeamChart2022 team="vikings" >}}

I can't lie, this is one of the harder teams to analyze. The club's rife with talent, yet it feels like this team is much less than the sum of its parts.

For one thing, take Za'Darius Smith and Danielle Hunter. As long as Hunter stayed healthy, Minnesota was supposed to have something so many other championship hopefuls wish to have - two truly dominant book-end players along that defensive front. But watch the tape - neither player flashes enough to warrant elite billing. Plays are made, just not on a regular basis. Just look at their game against Indianapolis - the Vikings staged a miraculous comeback without much help from either of their two premiere pass rushers. If anything, Tonga and Harrison Phillips played a greater role in that they effectively prevented the Colts from sustaining any rhythm in their ground game. Likewise, the second game against Green Bay left me a little disappointed too - Za'Darius Smith may as well not even bothered suiting up. In their favor though are their truly impressive raw numbers - Danielle Hunter alone racked up over 60 tackles and 22 quarterback hits, undoubtedly elite numbers.

Offensively, things aren't any better. Adam Thielan, T.J. Hockenson, and K.J. Osborn should be playing bigger roles on this offense, especially with coverage defenders focusing their attention on Justin Jefferson. But none of those skill players have stepped up consistently enough to assure me that they could be reliant enough to produce in tough moments. Thielan is past his sell-by date. Hockenson and Osborn have shown up in select games, but those brilliant performances are ultimately ephemeral - neither player leaves an impression the majority of the time. Frankly, this explains why the offense stalls way too much for its own good. 

If there's one thing this team does well, it's game management. They haven't surrendered a single lead in a game yet. And should they need to stage a comeback, they're able to do that thanks in no small part to some receiving heroics from Justin Jefferson. It's a strange habit not many would expect from a team that underwhelms on both sides of the ball. Credit to Kevin O'Connell for instituting a winning mentality through the organization - it's likely a trick he learned during his time with Sean McVay in Los Angeles. That being said, it's not enough. A good team needs to possess other championship qualities besides mental fortitude. And Minnesota has yet to prove without any doubt that it's sufficient in any other area.