+++
date = 2022-09-01T12:00:00Z
draft = true
headline = "2022 Coaching Analysis - Part 8"

+++
### Chicago Bears

_Leadership_: Matt Eberflus (HC/DC), Luke Getsy (OC), Justin Fields (QB)

Not much is expected of these Bears. For good reason too, considering the new management has quite a bit of clean-up work on their hands. The Matt Nagy/Ryan Pace regime left this team ridden with holes all across their roster. I also suspect their salary cap situation is horrendous, given their minimal free agency spending. This year will be a learning year, both for the organization as well as the viewers - we'll learn exactly what new ideas Eberflus and his assistants will bring to the franchise after the uninspiring Nagy era.

Let's start with the offense. I have little clue what to expect. All I can say is that Luke Getsy is a Matt LaFleur disciple, which is unfortunate - LaFleur isn't the type of coach who should be spawning a new coaching tree, yet we enter this season with his former offensive coordinator as the new head coach of the Broncos and his passing game coordinator as the new offensive coordinator here in Chicago. Just lovely. Anyway...Getsy's hiring is a bit problematic to me, as so much of Green Bay's recent success in the air game came courtesy of the sheer talent of Aaron Rodgers and Davante Adams alone. It's hard for me to point to any appreciable impact Getsy may have had on this offense, especially considering no other receiver was developed as a complimentary option to Adams. Tight end Robert Tonyan showed some initial promise, but injuries really hampered him, so it's not fair to designate him as a Getsy success story. But now that Getsy is in charge of an entire offensive unit, we'll see what he can do. Chicago has some talent at the skill positions too, as well as a young quarterback who could run. So even without Allen Robinson, we should aim to expect more production from the offense this year compared to last.

Defensively, I'm not certain what to conclude here. Eberflus has been seen as one of the better defensive minds in the NFL as the Colts seemed to always sport a good defense under his stewardship. But was that a result more of talent or scheme? It's hard to say, especially given that the philosophy powering their playbook seems to prize simplicity above everything else. When the defense is purposefully kept simple, it's hard to separate the influence of a coach from the influence of the players. But luckily enough, the situation in Chicago with the defensive roster isn't that wildly different from the situation in Indianapolis - a dominant pass rusher headlining a unit also featuring one of the league's best tackling linebackers. The secondary needs work, but the bones are there, so Eberflus has enough pieces here to make a statement.

All that being said, the biggest issue on this team still remains Justin Fields, in my humble opinion. Sure, one can reasonably argue that his offensive line did him no favors last year by failing to provide even a modicum of protection...but it's dawned on me that the kid may not have the mental fortitude to compete in the NFL. His pathological obsession with his first read concerns me. Some suggest that the constant abuse he took from opposing defenses last year may have traumatized the boy, effectively scarring his play style. And if that's the case, it won't be long before Chicago's fanbase goes through the five stages of grief again. After all...a quarterback unable to weather the physicality of a professional defense in his first year will not last long. Above all, players need a certain amount of toughness to survive long in this league. Fields may not have that innate strength, especially given the way Ohio State spoiled him by surrounding him with phenomenal talent.

Dreaded uncertainty is the name of the game here, dread about the starting quarterback's frame of mind and uncertainty about the new management.  The picture will become much clearer after about two months, but until then, the best I can say is that the team will eke out wins here and there in an otherwise forgettable season.

***