+++
content = "Here's the story of how I lost a couple units betting on what I thought would be _easy money_. As degenerate gamblers like myself learn time and time and time again...the NFL does not provide many opportunities for _easy money_.\n\nTo be fair, it was a solid game, considering people were expecting a slow-developing blowout. Through the first half, the 49ers actually managed to scrounge up a total of 24 points - a complete shocker considering the books had their **final** score set around 17 points. As the second half began, I saw the live line for their total score was actually set at 32.5 points. Three minutes into the third quarter, the total shifted one point downward as the Packers managed to cap a drive with a field goal. \n\nThink about that...31.5 points? Only 31.5 points?!? The 49ers already posted 24 points on the board. All they needed was a single touchdown and a lousy field goal to soar past that total. The Niners should be able to round up those points given the ease with which they were chewing off yardage in the first half. Even if the Packers defense adjusted in the second half, the 49ers should still be able to motor along and collect three field goals over 30 minutes of playtime. Seemed like a solid bet, so long as the 49ers continued to play well into the second half.\n\n_Except they failed to do so._\n\nKyle Shanahan offered up some unusually anemic playcalling that second half. Just look at the table below:\n\n|  49er Passing Stats | Passes Completed | Passes Attempted | Number of Plays  \n| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  \n| 1st Half |  |  \n| 2nd Half | Text |"
date = "2018-10-16T20:01:35-04:00"
draft = true
headline = "49ers @ Packers - Quick Analysis"
title = "49ers @ Packers - Quick Look"

+++
