+++
content = "**_New York Jets (Tier 7)_**\n\n***\n\n**QB:** _Sam Darnold_\n\n**Known Offensive Vectors:** _Robby Anderson (WR), Le’Veon Bell (RB)_\n\n**Potential Offensive Vectors:** _Jamison Crowder (WR)_\n\n**Key Defensive Personnel:** _Leonard Williams (DE), Quinnen Williams (DE), C.J. Mosley (LB), Jamal Adams (SS)_\n\n**Managers:** _Joe Douglas (New GM), Adam Gase (New HC), Dowell Loggains (New OC), Gregg Williams (New DC)_\n\n**Vegas Over/Under:** 7\n\n**Coaching Turnover:**\n\nNearly every single coach on the staff this year is new. Interestingly enough, only the two defensive back coaches from last year managed to survive the complete overhaul of the Jets organization this year.\n\n***\n\nNot to give myself a pat on the back here, but my assessment from last year was spot-on. The Jets sunk quickly last season due to a lack of talent at key positions along with several rocky performances from a rookie quarterback trying to find his groove. The former general manager Mike Maccagnan went big in free agency in the offseason, dumping out the team’s purse on players like Le’Veon Bell, Jamison Crowder, and C.J. Mosley. It seemed almost as if this year was intended to be that great leap forward into relevancy for the franchise. But soon after the draft, Maccagnan was ousted along with his personnel director in a move many described as sloppy. But honestly, it might have been the right move, despite the bad timing.\n\nThe reality is that Maccagnan and his personnel man were only committed to making splashy moves, often at the expense of team culture, draft picks, and salary cap space. The signing of Le’Veon Bell best exemplified their foolishness. It was frankly a stupid move handing out all that cash to a running back that hasn’t been playing football for over a year. And it’s all the more stupid considering the messy circumstances under which Bell left Pittsburgh. It was much less a move made by a professional general manager and more a move made by an impulsive fan that only cares about winning immediately. On a positive note though, hiring Joe Douglas to take over general manager duties from Maccagnan was a smart move, according to Michael Lombardi. Douglas understands team culture and the fundamentals of building a team capable of long-term success.\n\nThat being said, the unfortunate truth is that it’ll take a year or two for this team to recover from Maccagnan’s bad decisions. Le’Veon Bell’s contract makes him way too expensive to release any time soon, meaning Gase will have to work to mitigate any dysfunction his presence may sow inside the locker room. Trumaine Johnson will still be a black spot on this roster for at least one more year given the outsized value of his contract as well. More importantly though, Gase has his work cut out for him - Maccagnan left this team undermanned for the better part of his tenure. This year’s personnel’s moves went a long way to correcting some of the deficiencies on the roster, but work is still needed...especially along the receiver corps."
draft = true
headline = "Preseason Review: New York Jets"

+++
