+++
content = "### **_Tier 8_**\n\n***\n\n**QB:** _Josh Rosen, Ryan Fitzpatrick_\n\n**Known Offensive Vectors:** _N/A_\n\n**Potential Offensive Vectors:** _Kenyan Drake (RB), DeVante Parker (WR), Dwayne Allen (TE)_\n\n**Key Defensive Personnel:** _Christian Wilkins (DT), Xavien Howard (CB)_\n\n**Managers:** _Chris Grier (GM), Brian Flores (New HC), Chad O’Shea (New OC), Patrick Graham (New DC)_\n\n**Vegas Over/Under:** 4.5\n\n**Coaching Turnover:**\n\nOn offense, only the running backs coach was spared from the inevitable overhaul that came when Brian Flores assumed head coaching duties following the firing of Adam Gase.\n\nSimilarly on defense, only the defensive backs coach from last year survived the regime change, though the man will only be responsible for the safeties this season.\n\n***\n\nNothing to expect here but another losing season. The Dolphins are truly bereft of talent across all aspects of their roster.\n\nHowever, it seems the coaches are consciously going out of their way to deconstruct this roster. The team is initiating a rebuild following years of mediocrity under Adam Gase - new coach Brian Flores has let the team’s biggest free-agents walk this offseason without replacing any of them, save for a few players brought over from his alma mater in New England. The Dolphins’ brain trust has committed themselves wholesale to the idea of a multi-year rebuild, even going as far as trading away franchise quarterback Ryan Tannehill and star left tackle Laremy Tunsil for additional draft capital.\n\nStill, it’s not as if the Dolphins are looking to bomb the season away. Miami traded a second round pick to Arizona in exchange for first-round passing prospect Josh Rosen. While Rosen didn’t really impress much last year, keep in mind the kid wasn’t given much help from his coaches - first year head coach Steve Wilks and offensive coordinator Mike McCoy were so awful at their jobs that the Cardinals executives were forced to blow apart the coaching staff for a second straight year. On top of that, the Cardinals fielded one of the worst offensive lines last season. And rookie quarterbacks without protection are practically guaranteed to fail. So with all that said, it’s not too outlandish to say Rosen has the potential to be the team’s new franchise quarterback. Luckily, the Dolphins spent comparatively little in acquiring Rosen, so Miami can move on from the second-year passer should he fail to pan out this season.\n\nConcisely put, Miami will be going through the motions this year. Nothing much is expected of them this season, but that’s all right."
headline = "Preseason Review: Miami Dolphins"

+++
