+++
content = "##### **_Tier 6_**\n\n***\n\n**QB:** _Josh Allen_\n\n**Known Offensive Vectors:** _Josh Allen (Mobile QB), LeSean McCoy (RB), Zay Jones (WR)_\n\n**Potential Offensive Vectors:** _Cole Beasley (WR), John Brown (WR), Tyler Kroft (WR)_\n\n**Key Defensive Personnel:** _Lorenzo Alexander (OLB), Jerry Hughes (DE), Micah Hyde (SS), Tre’Davious White (CB)_\n\n**Managers:** _Brandon Beane (GM), Sean McDermott (HC), Brian Daboll (OC), Leslie Frazier (DC)_\n\n**Vegas Over/Under:** 6.5\n\n**Coaching Turnover:**\n\nOn offense, we actually see quite a bit of turnover here. Which makes sense, given that the offense was damn near comical last year. Quarterbacks, wide receivers, and offensive linemen now report to new coaches this year.\n\nOn defense, though, we see the exact opposite - the entire coaching staff has been retained from last year.\n\n***\n\nBuffalo’s first season with quarterback Josh Allen went just about as expected. The analytics experts were right to criticize the rookie before the season even started - his deep ball accuracy is atrocious. Sometimes the ball doesn’t even land in the same country as its intended receiver.\n\nUnfortunately, not much improvement is to be expected in the second year. It’s said that quarterbacks rarely improve their accuracy coming out of college. And I’m inclined to believe that - it takes a certain instinctual sense to throw a football at a moving target with reasonable accuracy. Either you have that gift or you don’t. It’s safe to say Josh Allen never had that gift. Any success he experienced as a passer almost certainly came as a result of his legs instead of his arms. His athleticism is simply freakish - few defenses had answers for his scrambles and designed runs as the kid managed to average roughly seven yards over eighty-nine runs last season. But football games cannot be won consistently through quarterback mobility alone. You need some semblance of a passing game to prevent defenses from stacking the box and stationing defenders closer to the line of scrimmage. Sometime this season, Allen will need to show his mettle and pass the ball for this Bills offense to be productive.\n\nOn a positive note, the Bills organization seems to be making the right moves from a personnel perspective. Taking their cue from the Patriots, Buffalo inked several mid-level veterans in the offseason to team-friendly contracts. Brandon Beane and Sean McDermott seem intent on stocking the team with homegrown talent and reasonably-priced players with experience. Not a bad way to build the team given the situation at quarterback - if the Bills insist on Josh Allen being the future face of the franchise, then the team needs to cycle through skill players in order to find the select few capable of working in tandem with Allen. And you can’t bring new players into the fold so easily when a few big names on your roster dominate the salary cap.\n\nBuffalo’s outlook this season isn’t great. Unless the team is blessed with some luck, I expect Josh Allen to lead these Bills to another losing record."
headline = "Preseason Review: Buffalo Bills"

+++
