+++
content = "So I sided with the Broncos (+6.5) here in the SuperContest, expecting a bounce-back from Denver after suffering a humiliating defeat against the Jets. On top of that, I expected the cold weather and thin air to stunt the Rams attack somewhat.\n\nSo the Rams are making a living off the ground game here, but the Broncos defense has played _just_ _well enough_ to keep themselves in the game. Really, it's the offense here that has completely soured.\n\nTwo things are really holding back the Broncos - the offensive line and Case Keenum. Let's start off discussing the former - the weak links on that offensive line are being exposed and the coaches are doing little to try and assist their beleaguered linemen with chips and additional blockers. On one of the few times a halfback actually stayed in the pocket to pass protect, a blitzer still managed to bowl him over for a drive-ending sack. \n\nBut really, Case Keenum is the one player holding the team back. His deep throws have been off-mark and ill-advised. I understand that you'd want to throw deep against a secondary that has been carved up the past two weeks...but the Rams coaches have clearly worked on patching up some deficiencies on that side. And Keenum has been unable to alter his game in response. On the few times that a player is open in the backfield, Keenum tends to throw some inaccurate passes."
date = "2018-10-14T17:43:10-04:00"
headline = "Rams-Broncos Halftime Analysis"
title = "Rams-Broncos Halftime Analysis"

+++
