+++
date = "2019-02-03T16:04:11-05:00"
headline = "Super Bowl LIII - Prediction"

+++
It's all come down to this....the Los Angeles Rams versus the New England Patriots. What a shitty Super Bowl.

***

In the pieces I wrote recently on both teams, I've focused on a few things - the coaching and the pass rush. And I've come to one conclusion...the Rams may have a slightly more talented team, but the Patriots are the more efficient team.

For Los Angeles to win, they need sensational performances from Aaron Donald and Ndamukong Suh. Why is that? Well frankly, I don't think Jared Goff and his offense will be able to keep pace with New England in terms of scoring. Therefore, the Rams will need defensive stops here to keep this game within reach. And the best way to cull Patriot drives short is to sack and harass Brady in the pocket. That being said, the Rams only have one fantastic pass rusher on their team in Donald. And typically, you need multiple elite defensive linemen to regularly harangue Brady, as Belichick and his coaching staff are usually apt at limiting the opposing team's best pass rusher. So as a result, this game rests in Suh's hands...and I'm not that convinced of Suh's potential to wreak havoc here, despite his performance over the last two games. His regular season numbers are a little too pedestrian for me to confidently declare him as a reliable pass rusher, especially against offensive lines as stout as that of the Patriots.

While people can point out that the Eagles still won the championship last year without harassing Brady much, that Philadelphia team had three things going in their favor - an elite quarterback, more offensive weaponry, and the best defensive line in the league. Philly managed to keep pace with the Patriots on offense, posting over 500 yards on offense. Despite that, the Patriots were still on their way to claiming their sixth championship until Brandon Graham managed to blow past a guard and strip sack Brady, guaranteeing Philadelphia its first Super Bowl victory. So the pass rush still ultimately mattered, even if it played a much lesser role here than in other Super Bowls the Patriots have lost. Philadelphia had that luxury of not having to rely so much on its pass rush thanks to some brilliant performances from their offensive players. I'm not sure if the Rams could count on their offense carrying them should their defense fail to generate stops. 

Sean McVay is a football genius, but even he can only do so much with Jared Goff as his quarterback and his best skill player injured for the rest of the season. That's right, I'm declaring Cooper Kupp as the best skill player on that team. A little while ago, I would have found it preposterous that anybody but Todd Gurley can be declared as the most important player on the Rams offense...but ever since he suffered that bizarre injury in the game against the Chiefs, the man has not been the same. His role on the team has been supplanted by C.J. Anderson, who McVay essentially recognizes as the team's lead halfback at this point. Sure, Gurley's had two weeks now to recover even more, but I'm not sure if he'll even be close to top form in time for the Super Bowl - honestly, it might take a whole offseason for the man to completely rehabilitate himself!

But even if McVay had an elite quarterback and more weapons on offense, could he match wits with Belichick? Possibly...but he needs to work more on his game management skills. Over the last couple games, I've seen him make some awful decisions on fourth down. On two separate occasions, the man made some bizarre calls on fourth-and-short situations. Even though the games ultimately panned out for the Rams, it still worries me that the man made these strange decisions in the first place. Still, I do think McVay has the chops to outplay Belichick, so long as he has the horses on offense.  

But he doesn't. If anything, his horses are on defense. But the defense is critically limited at its most important function - the pass rush. And that is the reason I'm going with the Patriots here to win Super Bowl LIII.