+++
content = "And here we are, after a 3-1-1 showing last week in the Supercontest. I actually feel good, even though my odds of landing in the money are pretty damn slim at this point. Still, let's see if we can hit at least 4 wins this week. So with that said, let's proceed with my picks.\n\n***\n\n##### Browns @ Buccaneers (-3)\n\nA little hard for me to put top American dollar on Jameis Winston, but the Buccaneers have too much of an offensive edge over the Browns here, despite the recent emergence of Baker Mayfield as the franchise quarterback the Browns have sought for generations now. Mayfield is still a rookie finding his sea legs, and he hasn't had much help as of late given that his receiving weapons have been letting him down recently. On top of that, the team is managed by the worst coach in the league in Foo Jackson, and I'd be shocked if he actually made some serious adjustments to try and rectify his team's offensive woes.\n\nThe reality is that the Buccaneers are simply better coached and better able to produce yards compared to the Browns. Now I know, I know....that defense. That defense can't stop leaves blowing gently in the wind, let alone professional NFL offenses. But with that being said, the firing of Mike Smith on Monday may be the impetus this defense needs to actually step up and perform well, if only for one week. A decent man lost his job because of their sorry performance, and that cannot sit well with them.\n\nOne more thing worth noting...Jameis Winston showed some maturity after being slammed down roughly by a Falcon defender last week. Instead of stoking hostilities, Winston was actually holding one of his linemen back from starting a violent confrontation. So I do think Jameis may be trending in the right direction this year.  \n\n***\n\n##### Titans (+6.5) @ Chargers (_London_)\n\nThe Titans were humiliated in wicked fashion last week in their shut-out loss against the Ravens. Nothing illustrates the magnitude of their loss better than the fact that Tennessee gave up 11 sacks while only completing 10 passes. Savage.\n\nOn the other hand, the Chargers are fresh off a dominant win over the Browns. Not only were the Chargers fairly proficient on offense last week, but that defensive line finally found its groove again, racking up nine hits on Baker Mayfield.\n\nThat being said...the Elo model is in love with the Titans here. And I understand why. The Chargers stock is at a season high, whereas the Titans stock is at a season low. If let-down spots are truly a thing in the National Football League, then this may be one such spot for the Chargers. Especially as I have serious doubts about Anthony Lynn's ability to coach his team to succeed consistently. Its during weeks like these when coaching becomes really critical. And the second-year head coach will be challenged to keep his team level-headed as they travel across several time zones to a foreign land full of distracting tourist locales. Add in a Titans team smarting from a ugly loss and don't be surprised to see the Titans be in contention throughout this entire game.\n\n***\n\n##### Vikings (-3) @ Jets\n\nAs I write this, the Vikings are actually sitting as 3.5-point favorites. Initially, I was feeling the Jets in this spot. The Elo model seemed to be siding with New York too, as they were coming off two solid wins. Even though people think of this Minnesota team as a defensive powerhouse, I have always maintained that these Vikings were an overrated bunch. Their embarrassing showing against the _Josh Allen-led Bills_ and then their defense getting routed by the Rams offense...both of those outcomes were signs that these Vikings were more average than good.\n\nBut then when I look at this game from a contrarian perspective...I realized the Vikings have had their good moments this season as well. Even though that defense was shellacked against Los Angeles three weeks ago, the offense was keeping pace with the Rams' electric offense. Then came a statement win against the Eagles, despite Cousins finding himself constantly beset from Philadelphia's pass rush. And after that came an easy win over a team that frankly had no business contending against Minnesota.\n\nWhat really sells me here on Minnesota is the coaching match-up here. Mike Zimmer has a tendency to frustrate rookie quarterbacks with false looks and last-second movement. Even though Darnold has had a few good weeks now, the fact remains that he's still a rookie quarterback cutting his teeth in the big leagues. Carson Wentz was doing solid as a rookie too, up until the Vikings finally dismantled him. I expect Darnold to suffer the same fate. \n\n***\n\n##### Bills (+7.5) @ Colts\n\nThis may well be my favorite pick of the week, which is a little unnerving - I try not to rely on bottom-feeders when I place my bets. But the Bills are contending against a scum-tier Colts team that's not performing nearly as well as their final scores may indicate. Despite them falling only eight points short against the Jets, New York easily had wrist control for most of that match, courtesy of several miscues from the Colts' offense.\n\nTo be frank, those miscues show me that these Colts are a goddamned mess without the sure-handed T.Y. Hilton. Luckily for them, the man is expected to step back into action this week. But Buffalo has the defensive caliber to keep him bottled up for most of the game.\n\nReally, when people pick against the Bills, they do so for their complete lack of offensive prowess. But here's some good news - a fresh face steps in this week to helm the offense. Derek Anderson may only have four career starts over the past five years, but the Bills may benefit from him being a bit of an X-factor. Not much tape is out there on him - the Indianapolis defense will not be entirely too certain what to expect. Yes, I know the Colts run a fairly bland defensive scheme anyway given their lack of truly talented personnel. Still, Indy's defense will have to play more conservatively as they feel out Derek Anderson on his foray back into football...and that will only help Buffalo here.\n\n***\n\n##### Cowboys (+2) @ Redskins\n\nThe Cowboys have finally rejuvenated themselves last Sunday against one of the better defenses in the league. Sure, I may be a bit biased, but the Cowboys were my sleeper pick for the Super Bowl, in part because of the defense's elite potential. The defense has certainly lived up to my high expectations, but the offense has been completely _flaccid_. And I truly mean flaccid in every sense of the word - watching Dallas try and move the ball gets me floppy. The air game is absolutely pathetic - Cole Beasley is the only true receiver worth his salt on the roster, and the guy is arguably a poor man's Julian Edelman.\n\nIt took [The Clapper](https://cdnph.upi.com/svc/sv/upi/7271421184005/2015/1/e58865d5770cc4c54aa514fdd1ccde20/Jason-Garrett-Dallas-Cowboys-nearing-5-year-deal.jpg \"The Clapper\") (thank you, Michael Lombardi) a few eons, but the man and offensive coordinator Scott Linehan finally found a way to spark this offense - let Dak run. By letting Dak Prescott run the ball at will, the offense incorporated another dimension to their game plan. Combined with a strong ground game, the offense actually looked somewhat competent last week. Not all of the Cowboys problems were solved (the passing game is still anemic outside of Cole Beasley), but the team has shown considerable progress. \n\nThat being said, the Redskins are not a bad team either, though their win last week was rather weak. Even after turning the ball over three times and effectively abandoning their ground game, Carolina fell just several yards short of mounting a successful comeback. Washington's saving grace was its strong start combined with the Panthers lazily stumbling out of the gate coming off a bye. Sure, Jay Gruden deserves some credit for some smart playcalling on Washington's final drive, but I expected a better overall performance from the Redskins coming off an embarrassing primetime defeat. So that being said, I'm expecting a bit of a letdown from Washington that will be further exacerbated by the Cowboys and their unrelenting pass rush. "
date = "2018-10-16T22:57:11-04:00"
headline = "Week 7 - Supercontest Picks"
title = "Week 7 - Early Leanings"

+++
