+++
content = "I do not like to waste time, so let's kick off this blog by keeping people current on my upcoming SuperContest weeks.\n\nFYI, my Westgate SuperContest record is 6-9-0. It blows, I know.\n\n<div class='separator'></div>\n\n##### Houston Texans @ _Indianapolis Colts (-1)_\n\nThe Texans were gobsmacked by the Giants last week. Despite New York fielding its worst pass rush over the last couple years, the Giants were able to rough Deshaun Watson up on several occasions. If that isn't enough to convince you this Houston offensive line is a damned mess, then consider that this offensive line is blamed for surrendering 50 quarterback pressures over the past 3 weeks, according to Pro Football Focus.\n\nIt's not easy to fix a bad offensive line, particularly against good pass rushers. And the Colts feature a solid bunch of them in Jabaal Sheard, Darius Leonard, and Margus Hunt, the last of whom is well on his way to being considered elite.\n\nOn offense, the Colts suck. It's clear Andrew Luck is still held back by his shoulder, given his lousy yards-per-pass stat. But the team has demonstrated that they could still win, even with a noodle-armed Luck under center.\n\n##### _San Francisco 49ers_ _(+10)_ @ ~~San Diego~~ Los Angeles Chargers\n\nIs Jimmy Garoppalo really worth 6 points against the spread? I don't think so....but the next few weeks will truly reveal whether Jimmy G's absence truly impacts this team's performance.\n\nMy hunch tells me C.J. Beathard should be able to fill in serviceably. It's worth noting that his sorry numbers from last year can be somewhat excused as he was an unpolished third-round rookie. Spending a full year in Shanahan's system should help him better manage this offense.\n\nFurthermore, it helps he'll be making his season debut against the Chargers, a team incapable of rushing the passer without its star edge rusher, Joey Bosa. And on top of that, the 49ers should be able to grind out quality yards against a team that has struggled to contain the run.\n\n##### New York Jets @ _Jacksonville Jaguars (-7.5)_\n\nAh....the Jets. The team has lost its mojo after that phenomenal showing against the Lions to open the season. It took two consecutive poor performances to remind us that Sam Darnold is going to have to go through some growing pains as he adjusts to life in the NFL.\n\nUnfortunately for him, this is not a good spot for the young man to righten himself. This Jaguars defense is particularly vicious when they play in Jacksonville. I don't expect Darnold to maintain his composure for long.\n\nNow if Bortles actually bothered to study game tape this week, Jacksonville's offense may actually be productive this week. I would hope the man shows up to play after a horrendous outing last week against the Titans.\n\n##### Kansas City Chiefs @ _Denver Broncos (+5)_\n\nThis is an Elo pick. My Elo ratings seem to indicate that Vegas is overrating the Chiefs by _at least_ 5 points in this game. Which make sense. The bookmakers know well enough that the betting public loves to hammer teams with sensational offenses. A Monday night game featuring an offensive juggernaut is going to attract quite a few bettors, no doubt.\n\nWith Denver coming off a terrible overall performance and playing at home in primetime, I am convinced the Broncos hold the emotional edge over the Chiefs here. I expect some good things from these Von Miller, Case Keenum, and the rest of their fellow Broncos on Monday.\n\n##### Detroit Lions @ _Dallas Cowboys (-3)_\n\nA pick that I feel is correct subjectively and from an Elo standpoint. The current spread essentially declares both the Lions and the Cowboys as equal. And honestly...that's too much of an overreaction from last week, when the Cowboys floundered pathetically while the Lions won triumphantly in front of a national audience. The Cowboys are still pretty damn good at running the ball with Ezekiel Elliott, and the Lions are frankly awful at slowing down opposing rushers.\n\nFurthermore, the Lions are coming off an emotional high whereas the Cowboys are coming off an emotional low. If there's any team that has reason to play harder this week, it would be the Cowboys.\n\n<div class='separator'></div>\n\nOne thing worth noting...my first week of the Supercontest, I went 3-2. My second week, 2-3. And last week...1-4. If mathematical trends are truly a thing in gambling....god help me."
date = "2018-09-29T00:25:25-04:00"
draft = true
headline = "Week 4 Supercontest Picks"
post_subject = "Week 4 Supercontest Picks"
title = "Week 4 Picks"

+++
