+++
content = "Time to give out some quick thoughts on the slate of games for the eighth week of the regular season...\n\n***\n\n##### Philadelphia Eagles @ London Jaguars (+3)\n\nIf this was taking place in Philadelphia, I would giddily take the Eagles, even if the spread was inflated up to 6.5 points in their favor.\n\nBut London has a sort of rejuvenating effect on these Jaguars and especially on Blake Bortles. And that may be enough to overcome the coaching and quarterbacking deficits the Jaguars face here in this particular match-up.\n\n**Leaning: None**\n\n***\n\n##### Ravens @ Panthers (+2)\n\nNot sure yet. I need to watch the game between the Ravens and the Saints to see how Baltimore's defense game-planned against a legitimate offense. I also need to study up more on Cam Newton's progress as a pocket passer under the tutelage of Norv Turner.\n\nBut it is tempting to side with a solid team that's a home underdog.\n\n**Leaning: Slightly Panthers**\n\n***\n\n##### Browns @ Steelers (-8)\n\nSo tempting to take the Steelers here. The Browns are so awfully coached. Hue Jackson is just horrendous at his job - his criticism of his **own** offense in last week's loss against the Buccaneers was damn near comical.\n\nBut the Steelers need to steal away more than a touchdown here to cover the spread, and it is a bit risky laying so many points with a team that's not quite so elite.\n\n**Leaning: Slightly Steelers**\n\n***\n\n##### Broncos @ Chiefs (-10)\n\nAnother tempting favorite here. The Broncos are coached by a dead man walking in Vance Joseph. And playing away from their home field _should_ impact their play considerably, but their recent performance at Arizona seems to say otherwise.\n\n**Leaning: Slightly Chiefs**\n\n***\n\n##### Jets @ Bears (-7)\n\nWay too many points being laid by a team led by Mitch Trubisky. Then again, I'm having a hard time siding with a team led by a rookie quarterback that seems to struggle mightily against above-average defenses.\n\n**Leaning: None**\n\n***\n\n##### Redskins @ Giants (PK)\n\nThe Giants seem much more concerned about attaching price tags to their players than actually trying to salvage the damn season. At this point, I would say Jay Gruden is the better coach as of now. Likewise, Alex Smith is a better quarterback compared to Eli Manning, a fact that pains the hell out of me to even admit. If a pick is made here, then i think I'd have to pick the team with better people at the biggest positions and more upside in general.\n\n**Leaning: Redskins**\n\n***\n\n##### Seahawks @ Lions (-3)\n\nInteresting match-up here. Something about games where both teams are good make you want to bet on them.\n\nI'd lean a little towards the Lions, but my understanding of both teams is limited, to be honest.\n\n**Leaning: None**\n\n***\n\n##### Buccaneers @ Bengals (-4.5)\n\nTempted to go with the Bengals, despite their pathetic showing last week in primetime. The Buccaneers cannot be trusted so long as Jameis remains their quarterback. The pass rushers stepped up, even without star Gerald McCoy being on the field - Carl Nassib in particular showed up to play against the team that spurned him in the offseason.\n\nBut their emotional showing last week may leave them a little fatigued against a team that will be looking to play better after a humiliating showing last week.\n\n**Leaning: Bengals**"
date = "2018-10-24T20:12:50-04:00"
headline = "Week 8 - Early Thoughts"
title = "Week 8 - Early Leanings"

+++
